update v2112 (#64)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids-examples: docs/get-started/xgboost-examples/csp/databricks/databricks.md

Prerequisites
-------------

    * Apache Spark 3.x running in Databricks Runtime 7.3 ML or 9.1 ML with GPU
    * AWS: 7.3 LTS ML (GPU, Scala 2.12, Spark 3.0.1) or 9.1 LTS ML (GPU, Scala 2.12, Spark 3.1.2)
    * Azure: 7.3 LTS ML (GPU, Scala 2.12, Spark 3.0.1) or 9.1 LTS ML (GPU, Scala 2.12, Spark 3.1.2)

The number of GPUs per node dictates the number of Spark executors that can run in that node. Each executor should only be allowed to run 1 task at any given time.
   
Start A Databricks Cluster
--------------------------

> Create a Databricks cluster by going to Clusters, then clicking `+ Create Cluster`.  Ensure the

Reviewer: I just found there's no "Clusters" field in the left panel. Just a "+ Create".
```suggestion
Create a Databricks cluster by clicking "+ Create -> Cluster" on the left panel. Ensure the
```

cluster meets the prerequisites above by configuring it as follows:
1. Select the Databricks Runtime Version from one of the supported runtimes specified in the
   Prerequisites section.
2. Under Autopilot Options, disable autoscaling.

> 3. Choose the number of workers that matches the number of GPUs you want to use.

Reviewer: This sentence is incorrect or ambiguous. 

```suggestion
3. Choose the number of workers you want to use.
```

4. Select a worker type.  On AWS, use nodes with 1 GPU each such as `p3.2xlarge` or `g4dn.xlarge`.
   p2 nodes do not meet the architecture requirements (Pascal or higher) for the Spark worker
   (although they can be used for the driver node).  For Azure, choose GPU nodes such as

>    Standard_NC6s_v3.  For GCP, choose N1 or A2 instance types with GPUs. 

Reviewer 2: Why need to mention GCP in databricks.md?

Author: removed it

6. Start the cluster.

Advanced Cluster Configuration
--------------------------

We will need to create an initialization script for the cluster that installs the RAPIDS jars to the
cluster.

1. To create the initialization script, import the initialization script notebook from the repo to
   your workspace.  See [Managing
   Notebooks](https://docs.databricks.com/notebooks/notebooks-manage.html#id2) for instructions on
   how to import a notebook.  
   Select the initialization script based on the Databricks runtime
   version:
    - [Databricks 9.1 LTS
    ML](https://docs.databricks.com/release-notes/runtime/9.1ml.html#system-environment) has CUDA 11
    installed.  Users will need to use 21.12.0 or later on Databricks 9.1 LTS ML. In this case use
    [generate-init-script.ipynb](generate-init-script.ipynb) which will install
    the RAPIDS Spark plugin.
2. Once you are in the notebook, click the “Run All” button.
3. Ensure that the newly created init.sh script is present in the output from cell 2 and that the
   contents of the script are correct.
4. Go back and edit your cluster to configure it to use the init script.  To do this, click the

>    “Clusters” button on the left panel, then select your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   “Compute” button on the left panel, then select your cluster.
```
